EPL:

EPL is a primiere company that offers engineering consultancy services in the telecommunications and energy industry.

Mission: to serve our clients through adherence to the highest deployment and implementation of telecommunications and energy infrastructure standards. 

Vision : to be the leading global consulting company, focused on deployment and implementation standards that adds value to all stakeholders.

Core values:
1. Excellence : with high standards on deployment comes with zero or low cost on maintenance.
2. Processess. Highest level of adherence to prescribed deployment standards.
3. Leadership or learning:

Come up with Logo:-

FBS. 
1. Offer network consultancy, management and gateway to stable, reliable ISP for our customers. 
2. On agreement, do last mile connectivity and management the network. 
3. Provide ISP  as per client's requirements by partnering with  serious service providers. 
4. Uphold highest standards on lastmile connectivity, rd

Consultancy
1. Advice on best networking as per the agreed standards
2. Provide robust solutions to our clients on telecommunications space. 
3. Do end to end audit of already installed infrastructure and give concrete audit report to our client and advice where needed. 
4. Ensure that the contracted company follow rollout standards to the later on award of there job. 
5. Ensure rollout works have met all ITU standards and ensure that the work done is manageable for maintainance to take it up for support.

1. Telecommunications consultancy.

We provide comprehensive research, advice and solutions in accordance with modern technology. 

>last mile connection.

We do lastmile connection by ensure all units are well interconnected and provide robust terminal points for any network access from external vendors. 

A>last mile management. 

We help manage the network for all our partners and ensure that the chosen ISP provides stable network connectivity to our clients. 

>network audit

We audit the existing network, offer possible remedies and robust solutions for upgrade or repair. 

1. Telecommunications consultancy.
>telecom consultancy
>last mile connection.
>last mile management
>network audit
>provision of reliable ISP
